docs: aa-core sendTransaction and sendTransactions (#49)
OMGWINNING/aa-sdk-staging: site/packages/aa-core/provider/sendTransactions.md

---
outline: deep
head:
  - - meta
    - property: og:title
      content: sendTransactions
  - - meta
    - name: description
      content: Overview of the sendTransactions method on ISmartAccountProvider
  - - meta
    - property: og:description
      content: Overview of the sendTransactions method on ISmartAccountProvider
---

# sendTransactions

> This takes a set of ethereum transactions and converts them into one single UserOperation, sends the UserOperation, and waits on the receipt of that UserOperation (ie. has it been mined). If you don't want to wait for the UserOperation to mine, it's recommended to user [sendUserOperation](./sendUserOperation) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This takes a set of ethereum transactions and converts them into one single UserOperation, sends the UserOperation, and waits on the receipt of that UserOperation (i.e. has it been mined). If you don't want to wait for the UserOperation to mine, it's recommended to user [sendUserOperation](./sendUserOperation) instead.
```

Reviewer: nit: also same comment here on absolute vs local paths

**NOTE**: The account you're sending the transactions _to_ MUST support batch transactions.

> s

Reviewer: think i saw you cleaned this up in a pr stacked on this, so should be fine
